# DriverPass

DriverPass is a client that wished to create a web-based system to assist in fixing the deficiency in current Motor Vehicle training courses. They wanted a system that would allow their customers to purchase training packages, schedule on-road training with certified driver instructors, and to access training materials at any time and to take practice tests at any time.

I'm not sure what I did very well as I recieved quite a bit of correction/instruction from the professor as to what I could improve on. I think however that I did read diagrams quite well and was able to decern what the diagram wanted from the system and how to structure that system to mee Driver Pass' needs.

My business requirements document was the most criticized portion of my work in this term. Criticism is not a negative thing, it is a tool to use to get better at something. In this criticism, I found that I didn't necessarily understand what each category was asking, or that I didn't understand how to properly structure my answers for this type of administrative document.

I think I did a decent job at interpretting the users needs. I believe that I understand the user needs based on the fact that up until now, I've only been the user. Therefore, the user needs are an integral part of any system design, and using and understanding what User cases are intended for has made understanding ow a system needs to operate much easier.

I think that Sequence diagrams and UML Class diagrams are very nice features to use during system design. I think back to the work I did in one of the first courses here where I was tasked with designing a text-based video game. I went far above and beyond the required programming for the course, and if I were to have used Class Diagrams and Sequence diagrams that task would have been much more streamlined. As it was during that course, I spend countless hours designing the game while writing the code. Constantly changing the code when I got one functional requirement to work, then stepping into the next. With a sequence diagram and a Class diagram, I think I could have cut out a lot of the development time of actually writing the code. As an example, I knew from the begining that if I had time, I would have the items in my game, and the villain in my game, populate randomly instead of always having the villain in the same room. I designed my layout of rooms from the beginning so that this was possible, however, I had to change a bunch of code after I had made a working game that met the requirements of the assignment to achieve random population of items and the villain. Had I used a Class diagram along with a Sequence Diagram (Which I always had in my head), I believe this process would have taken much less time.
